[Run] Ignore `typing` module for input parsing (#3125)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/decorators-and-auto-logging.md

...
```

> **Notice**: `typing` hints like `Optional`, `Union` and `List` are currently not supported but will be in the future. 

Reviewer: I think a message like the following will make it clearer that the whole typing library is not supported
```suggestion
**Notice**: type hints from the`typing` library (e.g. `typing.Optional`, `typing.Union`, `typing.List` etc.) are currently not supported but will be in the future. 
```
